Model: small
10 audio file(s) transcribed. 

File: res/audio\voice-message-1.mp3
Transcript: Yeah, I totally get that. I absolutely love the energy storms. Yeah, of course, you know, there's damage or danger. Like, that's no good. But with the energy, it's just such cool shit. We get these just like wild thunderstorms here. And so often they'll just like rip through in like 15 to 30 minutes, you know, it can go from like completely clear sky above to bruise black and just like dump a shit ton of rain and then like clear up again. Like, really, it's so fucking cool. So cool.

File: res/audio\voice-message-2.mp3
Transcript: We also get hail storms a lot and those are definitely pretty damaging, you know, a lot of property and like crop damage and stuff, but they do sound really cool, especially sometimes, sometimes like it will actually be clear sky above, but you know, it's just formed high enough up high up enough in the atmosphere, drop all this hail, or you know, sometimes like it'll be one of the big rolling through thunderstorms and stuff and it will be like dead still. And then you start to hear this like roaring coming down like it sounds like a train's coming down and then this like all these freaking hail pellets and just dump out of the sky. It's wild, wild shit.

File: res/audio\voice-message-3.mp3
Transcript: Unfortunately, I've got some wrist pain shit that's like super acting up right now. So I had to download Discord back onto my tablet, which I don't really love to do because I get a little too distracted with it. But yeah, it at least has the voice-to-capacity that the desktop version doesn't. So yeah, voice-to-capacity time for now.

File: res/audio\voice-message-10.ogg
Transcript: Unfortunately, yeah, RIS stuff has just gotten really, really bad. I'm going to try and send my doctor again this week. So I will be around to answer questions of my voice note, but it's not super efficient for actually getting anything done. And I really need to stay off of typing at the moment. So I will probably not be able to be very around. For at least I'm going to stay next three days. Hopefully it'll calm down a little bit more over that time. But yes, I will keep y'all posted.

File: res/audio\voice-message-4.ogg
Transcript: Yes, you are correct. That's definitely the case. Thanks for understanding.

File: res/audio\voice-message-5.ogg
Transcript: I'm not usually one for your voice messages. A, because they don't have it on desktop and I usually just use desktop. I think it might have been my voice message to you that I mentioned I try to keep it off of my mobile devices because it just gets a little too distracted. But yeah, definitely useful for this.

File: res/audio\voice-message-6.ogg
Transcript: Okay, yeah, we can definitely add the two scenes that have been close to be cut with the fist bump and the final, like, waving part back in. If you would find that more helpful to have those two additional storyboards to integrate into your animation, then by all means go ahead.

File: res/audio\voice-message-7.ogg
Transcript: We've been working on trying to consolidate a couple scenes to try and make things easier on our artists, but if it's actually not giving you enough things to fill that timeline for your animation needs, then that is totally okay to make use of those two again as well.

File: res/audio\voice-message-8.ogg
Transcript: But yes, also if you would rather work with me to figure out some new storyboard slides between the two of you, that's AOK. Whatever is the best for your process.

File: res/audio\voice-message-9.ogg
Transcript: Hey, Lonnie, so sorry. My wrist stuff is just being like really fucking killing me today. So I have not been able to add these guys into the submissions tracker document. If you could also cross check the ones that I put in bold to make sure that I actually put it into the scene signups, that would be super super awesome. And if you also have time to help the ones who need help with scene assignments, that would be super helpful. Yeah.
