Model: tiny
Audio file(s) transcribed: 23
From location: res/audio/

File: res/audio\2026-07-21-dictation.mp3
Transcript:  Okay so I am just thinking that I would like to talk to myself about my project at the moment. So what do I need to get done? I've finished the basic functionality. I think it definitely needs a way to pick specific files. I need to figure out the environment file and how that could be integrated with the user interface eventually. And I also need to have enough training data to test the training data splitting. I should look up the... I should look up the rate of no not the rate. The ratio. I should look up the ratio of training to testing the validation data recommended and I should also take a look at the efficient, lower of hyper parameter tuning whisper guide to just see if there is something better there. I'd also like to take a look at the one that just uses PyTorch and see if I can rewrite the fine tune script to just use the language. I think the Hugging Face Transformers module uses Torch under the hood for my understanding. And honestly, it seems a little more straightforward to me since I don't have any interest in uploading to the Hugging Face Hub to just use Torch directly. So I think I want to, yeah, look into using Torch directly and then look into the file and then look into the use of the path-lib objects instead of using strings to pass relative paths and see about integrating that in with the environment file. I'd also like to reread that paper about adding artificial noise to the audio set to better understand what they're doing there. Like are they using the clean audio recordings and the artificial noise audio recordings are they injecting it in certain points? How are they doing that? And if I just collected a bunch of natural audio, how would that compare? I think for generating the training versus testing versus validation splits for fine-tuning the whisper model I should just be able to assume that any split file is counts as one. So I don't think I need to worry about making sure there's a specific amount of audio in each split because after splitting the files based on their segments they'll all be I'm wondering that 30 second window and padded to 30 seconds so they should be sort of functionally count as equivalent to each other. So instead of feeling like I need to split it by eight hours into like six to two for example, I can just go by the number of files and split the number of files into each of the test sets. I wonder where in the process I should have that split occur? Maybe I need to make sure that I'm checking for that before I load it into a dataset in the fine-tuning script. I was going to say that I should maybe check out the audio folder method from the hugging face audio datasets guide and then use the file structure that's created by that to separate out my datasets. But I'm not 100% sure if that's all that relevant. Yeah, especially if I want to use the PyTorch training scripts directly, I don't know yet if the hugging face audio folder setup will be at all relevant. So that means that I should check out the Torch fine-tuning stuff first. And I should probably include the dataset splits into the audio metadata validation step so that the copyed over and split audio files are just put directly into relevant directories. So how would I do that? I think maybe it would be like counting the length of the unchecked metadata list after loading and then applying some function to that to determine every x audio file gets sent to which split. Yeah, if I determine the dataset splits by doing every x file gets sent to a dedicated split, then that will ensure that each of the training testing validation sets have a distribution of audio that's occurred over the entire collection period, rather than having audio that is all from one recording session maybe, or audio that, yeah, occurred at the end of a collection period and maybe the user is talking about a specific subject in that and that's all that's going to be in the validation set, for example, that wouldn't be very useful in that way. Yeah, the other approach would maybe just be if there's some way to randomize that maybe there's some existing function to randomize which files are getting sent to which dataset directories. I also need to do the word error rate calculations for the baseline transcripts of the untrained models and I should do that sooner than later to make sure that doesn't get lost. I don't know if it will make a huge difference to have that be done on a bigger dataset or if I'm fine to just do it on my 10 recording subset. I also wondering if I should be re making each audio file to be in the same file format for the sake of the model training or if it makes more sense to just use whatever file format I record in. And then assume that that might make the model have a better time working with different file formats, not sure if that is even really relevant if it's training off of the audio as converted to a tensor representing the audio. Yeah, actually I think based on what I know of how it converts audio to a tensor before the training step it shouldn't really matter what file format the audio is in and I'll just use whatever. Maybe MP3 is probably the most common that people might be recording in. I think phone probably saves an MP3 and yeah just for the sake of space. So I either could work on the torch fine tuning setup first or I could work on the path lib objects file paths etc. So I think that would be more useful to do the second one. Yeah because then I could more easily manage the file selection for transcribing my own dataset here. I think it would also be a good idea to. I think that would be a good idea to do the way that I'm saving the text and metadata outputs on transcribing because right now it will overwrite anything made on the same day. And there's no real indication of which files are included as transcripts in the output file just from looking at the file name. I'd also love to have some way to. Not have any duplicates of the same audio file or to. Check when saving if there's a file with the same name that already exists. Just trying to think of other potential problems I might be causing myself in the future by the way that I'm currently saving stuff you know. I would really like to. Have some way that there's an automatic triggering of. I'll prompt to verify the transcript and then when the transcript has been verified to send that. To the. Audio processing function to automatically validate the metadata and split the audio file. So then there has been wondering if from the dataset after it's been loaded in the fine tuning script if there's a way to just split that dataset into the. Train test validate splits. Like if I can split the dataset itself into three separate datasets using some randomization to assign the correct ratios to each split of the dataset. I think that would be easiest because then I never have to worry about additional data being added and then throwing the splits out of balance. If I'm only splitting the datasets into train test validate. Right before running fine tuning. Yeah, I think that's the best way to do that. When did I start today? 9? Yeah, I think I started work at 9 today. Wondering if there's a way that I should be checking for the audio's native sampling rate. Before doing anything with it. I don't know. I don't think that that's relevant because the. Wisper load audio function that I'm using to generate the NumPy array. natively resamples it. If necessary. Yeah, okay, so I think I'm going to go ahead and transcribe these notes to. Just help myself organize my thoughts here and then I might do a little bit more dictation so that I can dictate a more structured plan of what I'm going to do here. Oh, and I also want to make sure that I'm able to add to the metadata files rather than just overwrite it for both days worth of work. I think recordings, I think, and the overall metadata. Yeah.

File: res/audio\2026-07-30-dictation.mp3
Transcript:  Alright, so what is it that I need to do today? I need to first open out my notebook and check on what it was that I was planning Right, so I just don't need to implement the data set splitting I'm sure that I have to keep the NumPy arrays from the data set preparation and then convert to Torx.tensor. Only a new data set preparation and then convert to Torx.tensor. I need to do the same thing when the files are being batched But yeah, that doesn't mean the next thing to move onto is implementing the data set splitting so that I can split that data set object into the train test validate sets and then store each of those as parts of a data set deck I think I need to go onto the file path and file picking functionality I think using the path lib Python library is the right call for that I need to go onto the file path Yeah, my literal handful rocks babies Yeah, they're so shiny and smooth, yeah It's a simple It's path lib a library or a module and not really sure I guess you should figure out the difference between that and the data set setting Anyways, yeah, after doing the data sets splitting then I need to deal with all of the file path stuff so that I'll be going back in through the code and removing everywhere that there's the hard-coded relative or absolute file paths and replacing that with path objects wherever possible and then yeah, figuring out how to use the environment file to set where all of that should be and I think Eric said that we'll let people choose their own locations So then that would be the next thing would be figuring out the easy individual file picking or select all from a specific folder and then that will lead into the non-batch data gathering where I will be able to implement the automatic audio file storage and transcript storage and calculating the total amount of audio that's being collected until the point that it can be used for fine tuning so then that wraps back around to needing to how well this audio gathered so that I can start running the fine tuning experiments so that I can figure out the minimum amount of audio required so then the priority really is still gathering audio data until I have at least an hour I would say yeah and then once I have that as a baseline minimum amount of audio I can start running a fine tuning experiment and then well that is running I can go back in and fix all that file path stuff and work on the object file object picking and non-batch data gathering and maybe even save the data set splitting part until I have an experiment running no that doesn't make sense because I need to be able to split the data set before I do the first experiment so I do need to do the data set splitting code before I can run any of the fine tuning experiments oh yeah right what about the pickable data thing for the data collator or not the data collator but the feature extractor and tokenizer before fine tuning is when you need to be pickable or wait is it the fine tuning or the data collator let me go check yeah okay so it is for the feature extractor and tokenizer before fine tuning and the reason it needs to be pickable is that when we map that function to the data set in the make data set function we need the extract features function to be pickable so that multi process can work within the mapping function yeah so it would be good to go back into fine tune module and just clarify that dox string that it is for preparing the data set and needs to be pickable only for multi processing and then the thing that I'm worried about the pickling thing is that the python pickle module says it's insecure and so I was worrying that maybe I needed to be taking some data validation and sanitization steps in order to ensure that no malicious code could be executed if somebody was ever modifying this to use some other existing data set and if that would potentially be a security issue for the data being pickled I don't know this is maybe an askeric type thing to do but I also sort of have a feeling he's going to just say he's not a security guy but he'll probably have some idea or maybe I can ask Alan or Couserale and maybe they might have some suggestions about if I need to worry about that I think the key thing though for me to remember and move on from is that I don't need to worry about this for my own data sets because I know my program isn't including anything that could be malicious code execution in there so this would be something to work on later actually maybe this would be a good option to revisit as a project in the usable privacy and security class from Couserale in the future

File: res/audio\voice-message-01.mp3
Transcript:  Yeah, I totally get that. I absolutely love the energy. The storm is like, yeah, of course, you know, there's damage or danger, like that's no good. But with the energy, it's just such cool shit. We get these just like wild thunderstorms here. And so often they'll just like rips through in like 15 to 30 minutes. You know, I can go from like completely clear sky above to like the roof is black and just like dump a shit ton of rain. And then like clear up again, like, right away, it's still fucking cool. So cool.

File: res/audio\voice-message-02.mp3
Transcript:  We also get hailstorms a lot and those are definitely pretty damaging the, you know, a lot of property and like crop damage and stuff, but they do sound really cool, especially sometimes, sometimes like it will actually be clear of sky above, but you know, it's just formed high enough of high up and up in the atmosphere, drop all this hail, you know, sometimes like it will be one of the big rolling through thunder storms and stuff and it will be like dead spill and then you start to hear this like boring coming down, like it sounds like a train is coming down and then just like only freaking hail pellets and just don't pull out of the sky, it's wild, wild shit.

File: res/audio\voice-message-03.mp3
Transcript:  Unfortunately, you've got some wrist pain shift that's like super acting up right now. So I had to download discord back onto my tablet, which I don't really love to do because they get a little too distracted with it. But yeah, at least has the voice to capacity. The desktop version doesn't. So yeah, voice don't time for now.

File: res/audio\voice-message-04.ogg
Transcript:  Yes, you are correct. That's definitely the case. Thanks for understanding.

File: res/audio\voice-message-05.ogg
Transcript:  I'm not usually one for voice messages, A week's, we don't have it on desktop and I usually just use desktop. I think it might have been my voice message to you that I mentioned they try to keep it off of my mobile devices because I just don't want to distract it. But yeah, definitely useful for this.

File: res/audio\voice-message-06.ogg
Transcript:  KVIA, we can definitely add the two scenes that should be cut with the final waving part back in. If you would find that more helpful to have those two additional storyboards to integrate into your animation, then buy all means go ahead.

File: res/audio\voice-message-07.ogg
Transcript:  We've been working on trying to consolidate a couple of scenes to try and make things easier on our artist, but if it's actually not giving you enough things to fill that timeline for your animation needs, then that is totally okay to make use of those two again as well.

File: res/audio\voice-message-08.ogg
Transcript:  But yes, also if you would rather work with me to figure out some new storyboard slides between the two of you, that's okay, whatever, whatever is the best for your process.

File: res/audio\voice-message-09.ogg
Transcript:  Hey, Lonnie, so sorry. My wrist step has just been really fucking killing me today. So I have not been able to add these guys into the submissions tracker document. If you could also cross-check the ones that I put in bold to make sure that I should put it into the scene signups. That would be super super awesome. And if you also have time to help the ones who need help with scene assignments, that would be super helpful. Yeah.

File: res/audio\voice-message-10.ogg
Transcript:  Unfortunately, yeah, risk stuff has just gotten really, really bad. I'm going to try and submit to doctor again this week. So I will be around to answer questions of the company voice note, but it's not super efficient for actually getting anything done. And I really need to stay off of typing at the moment. So I will probably not be able to be very around for at least in the same next three days. Hopefully, hopefully, I don't come down a little bit more over that time, but yes, I will keep y'all posted.

File: res/audio\voice-message-11.mp3
Transcript:  We will see into this video about the Fermi paradox and how we are probably using the Drake equation wrong, the Drake equation being this sort of philosophical exercise to estimate the number of potential intelligence species in the universe. And the argument that the paleontologist Nick Longrich is making is that we're probably using this equation wrong, not necessarily by virtue of its construction, but by an overly generous estimate of what a small input variables. It kind of goes something like take all the stars in the universe, times by all the potentially habitable planets, times by the fraction of those that are actually habitable by the fraction of those that have conditions to support life by the fraction of those that have actually given a reason or have actually a reason life by the fraction where that life is intelligent and then the fraction where forms civilization and then the fraction where it forms space travel because it's specifically about why I can't read the text anything else in the universe.

File: res/audio\voice-message-12.mp3
Transcript:  And so it's basically saying that we're just probably wrong about how prevalent any of these small fraction variables are. So we think we have a pretty great idea of the estimates of the stars and our ability to figure out how many planets are habitable, those sorts of things. But I think it's pretty reasonable to then say that we are vastly overestimating how easy it is for life to rise. And Nick has a really good series on this. Where it just starts from the geological explanation that, I guess that's a second video is a geological explanation that the specific geology of Earth and where it formed, how it formed, how fast it formed, what else formed in the solar system at the same time, what are suns like et cetera. And especially also the fact that we have liquid magnetized core that gives us plate tectonics that creates volcanic activity and creates a cycling of nutrients through geological system and cause the silicate weathering cycle to occur and magnetizes the field around Earth to deflect solar particles which would otherwise strip away our atmosphere, all these little things add up. And we are perhaps really, really overestimating in our understandings of the drag equation how common that might be. Obviously we know it's rare but Nick's arguing that we are not accurately seeing how rare it is and that also not accurately seeing just how rare it is to not only evolve life at all but to evolve intelligent life that forms civilizations we recognize that then does things in the universe that would leave a signature that we would recognize as a sign of intelligence. And yeah I think that would be so extensive I think it sounds like according to most of the predictions of trying to actually use the drag equation to estimate kind of brings about this potentially thousands of other intelligent civilizations in the Milky Way alone. But I think even thousands in the Milky Way is an infatesely small number so even if that is the case I'm not all that surprised that we don't necessarily see anything and it's very possible but that is again and that's over estimation. I think it would be very strange to me if there was no other intelligent life and when universe I don't know if we will ever notice signatures of it given the incredible distances involved that you know also like I don't have the numbers on this I'm sure the numbers are out there but like I just think about the fact that like our planet is what 4.5 billion years old off the top of my head and it took this long to get to where we are and well we can broadcast radio signals outwards we aren't capable of doing anything else that would potentially leave a signal out there so I think we can only assume that that would be the case elsewhere based on the one example we have and if the entire universe is only a bit under 14 billion years old like that's just not that many opportunities for 4.5 billion years to fit in there you know I think it's very possible things could happen faster and other conditions based on it just being possible I don't think it's at all likely you know I do think like obviously once humanity evolved we evolved into our present form relatively quickly from in geological time scale and got to the stage that we are at at our species quite quickly but in the life span of the earth it's a blink of an eye and so I don't really know where I'm going with this other than it's cool to think about and I think oh yeah yeah okay I was I was gonna say that out of all of earth's history out of all the species we know and then all the species we know we don't know because we know that we even living today we estimate we kind of only know a fraction of what's out there as actual species and in the past we know we know even less so like what's what's the fraction that we represent and our recently extinct but similarly intelligent cousin species represent out of all of the species that live and have lived it's it's gonna be really really fucking small and I just think that's I just think that's really interesting that I don't know people just have such an urge to think there must be other life out there and again I think it's very possible there is it's also possible we're the only ones and I think it would be interesting to you know I'm not I'm not saying that all that it's not worth investigating I think it's really really fascinating to investigate but I think it's philosophically interesting that we are so weirded out by the possibility that we might be the only one I think that feels a little hard to accept for some reason and that being hard to accept even when I'm the one sitting here saying that that's what I think is very it is a distinct possibility and that even if there are others I think it's very very few I don't know that's just interesting it's just interesting

File: res/audio\voice-message-13.mp3
Transcript:  I had so much fun yesterday sitting there for honestly way too long trying to work out the best route around Alberta to get in all of the sites that were photographed in that one post that I saw. And you know there's that guy asking like okay how would I actually seriously do this? That's just a sort of thing I just cannot resist. Trying to figure out and see okay how would he actually do this? It's like spent what? Oh long long long time. Um, started probably around 930 and I was still still very on it at 1130. And you know maybe I could have done something a little more necessary with my time. But man it was so fun, so fun. So the route minimally included, uh, whatever it include, um, seeing some part of the prairies. Soon the Columbia ice fields, seeing Jasper National Park, uh, seeing. The northern wetlands and the boreal forest, seeing the Athabesca sand dunes. Seeing the North Saskatchewan River, uh, the Red deer River valleys and the drum hell at Badlands. And so I planned the minimal route starting from Calgary as, yeah, starting from Calgary Airport. And then heading out to the Columbia ice fields and Jasper Park. And you'd be driving through the prairies for some of that. So you'd see the prairies and then you'd drive north from Jasper, um, up through the. Or would that be I guess the the northwest side of the province is a big highway up on that side. And then you do a little loop up and head up into the northwest territories a little bit. And you drive kind of up near a great slave lake and then loop back into the north east corner of Alberta to hit up wood beffel o park. And when you're at wood buffalo park, so through that whole drive and at wood buffalo park, you're getting that boreal forest and northern wetlands ecosystem. And yeah, from Jasper to there, it's like a 14 hour drive, which is incredible because from here to Jasper, it's a long fucking drive has his. So you're driving for a long time, but you're seeing a lot of cool stuff like over on the northwest side there, there's like another the entire night dinosaur museum. There's so many little parks that are lakes is so cool looking at Google maps and seeing the way that the lakes up there line up in these in these lake like they almost look like stretch marks. And they line up in this really interesting ways and I think that's kind of referencing the underlying accretion onto the. reason of the continent, eroding in these kind of ridges as well as something about the glaciation. So that would be really cool to just look up again and confirm more about because it was beautiful beautiful to see that view from the sky and sure be really cool to see from the ground. So anyways, from wood buffalo, you then drive south through to the Athabasca dunes, ecological reserve. And that's part of the Athabasca lakes sand dunes complex. You see the freaking sand dunes. It's so, so cute. And then from there you drive south and you stop at, I think it was about, for six hours south, I think, across the North Saskatchewan River Valley. And then a couple more hours out of that, you're getting into the Red Deer River Valley and the Drumhulli Badlands, which I actually just didn't, didn't occur to me that those were kind of right beside each other. So that would be really cool to go and explore that area more, because you could stop in the Terrell Museum. And then do a bunch of exploring in the Badlands and a bunch of River Valley, and then from there, go back to Calgary. So minimal to see all the destinations that was in this list of photographs. But I also think it'd be really, really cool to include after Drumhulli, go down through six, six hours, a little, six, six hour, and see the blackfoot crossing, blackfoot crossing historical museum. And then spend the Deer in that area and then come back. And then also on the front end of the trip, you could go, have this leg that goes down south. And you could go from Calgary, you could go straight down to headsmash in Buffalo, jump. And then head down to Waterton and go see Cameron Falls and go for lunch at the hotel. And all of that, and then you could drive up from there through the Cananaskis through Banff National Park. And then through the mountains up to Jasper rather than kind of going up and over to Jasper. And that would just give you like a whole tour through through down the Grasslands area and south and through the foothills and the Cananaskis into the mountains bit more, man, it'd just be so, so cool. Yeah, I figured I figured it'd feel a little rushed to do the entire thing into weeks. Probably want to do three weeks for it. Or do just do a bigger, or what do I mean? Do the minute couple separate trips. It's like the southern leg easily a small trip for three days to a week. You could easily look that, you know, going out through Cananaskis Banff Jasper ice field and back. That's easily another one. And then obviously to get all the way up north, you'd need a lot longer. You could cut the drive time down by only about an hour. If you went up all the way along the north east side to the dunes and to Woodbufflow and then you came back down that same route. But since it only changes the drive time by a little bit, it must just be like really twisting and slower through there because it looks shorter. But I just think it's not actually that much shorter. And it's also obviously just a little bit slower speed. So you might as well go up up through the north west side route. And then you can. It's probably most reasonable to kind of just go through Jasper anyways at that point. So yeah, that that loop would be like. I think you'd want to do that in two weeks like because otherwise we'd just kind of rushing through. And then if you're doing it in multiple trips, then you know, you don't necessarily need to be stopping at the. Saskatchewan and Red beer river valleys and the badlands. And so for anything more than like a lunch shop, you know, on the way back home. Because you could do you could do the like the river valley drum heller six a. Two or as another loop another time. So yeah, I think I think taking it to like three or four separate trips would be a little bit more reasonable and you wouldn't have to feel rushed at all. You could do each leg in kind of like a three to seven day or maybe almost two weeks for the big northern one. And then I feel so pressured to to speed between things. Yeah, God, that'd be so cool. It'd be so cool to do. I feel like it's a you know, it's a little out of each right now. I can't can't even hardly sit in the car for an hour, but the. The idea of just just seeing how possible that sounds to do a big loop like that really exciting. He looks exciting. I hope I can do that at some point in my life because you know, there's a lot of years ahead of me. Nothing to say that my ability to get a car for a long time won't change. And honestly, especially seeing how easy it would be to break it into some smaller trips. That also makes it a little more a little more feasible, you know. Yeah, and how like if it, you know, really was the thing like. Maybe maybe a thing to do someday would be to just fly into somewhere in the north and rent a car up there. Just to kind of cut down on some of the travel sitting time. I don't know. I mean, obviously, that's a thing to plan sometime far far in the future. But yeah, yeah, it was really, really cool to. Plan all of that out. I had a lot of fun. It's a beautiful place we've been.

File: res/audio\voice-message-14.mp3
Transcript:  And over at the dogs this weekend, Caitlin's out of town. Oh, and Tiny is paddling around me. Hi, buddy. Probably because it is Saturday and that is the day. So I'm just going to feed Tiny the turtle. You're a little bit of chillin. Do you like that? And we'll see where you get with them. So yeah, I'm just sitting here, Saturday and morning. I really struggled to get out of bed this morning. I was just, I get woke up at my alarm at five and I was fine. I was so tired that I just decided to go back to bed and snuggle up puppies. I was really fine. Even though now I'm kind of putting myself in position to be a little bit stressed because Mom is going to come picking up breakfast to go for breakfast together. She's going to be leaving Chestermeer at nine. So she's probably going to be here by 920. It's currently 715. And I definitely want to shower. My hair feels really gross. But I, that's only two hours or now. And I need to finish my breakfast here. Sit. Good girl, Lini. Good girl, Tink. Wait. Okay. I need to flip the laundry into getting shower. Wash my hair. Dry my hair. I don't know that. Just all sounds like a lot of work. You don't know what I'm like. I have two hours. But I don't feel like I'm moving at a speed at which that two hours feels like a lot. So I don't know. I didn't know.

File: res/audio\voice-message-15.mp3
Transcript:  I figured I just kind of walk and talk, record myself as a bit of a journal as I'm going around because I do like to do that and I figured that would be a good way to work on gathering my audio data for training. Originally I was planning to have a really structured setup where I was going to be recording on my computer and laptop and my phone simultaneously to be able to pay between the different audio sources. And I still think that would be a great experiment to be able to run in the future. But just for the sake of time giving how much extra work figuring out all the code to do the data preparation was. I think I'm just going to have a natural sample here. You know what I mean? It's just going to be what's easy for me in my daily life and we're just going to see based on that, like how feasible it is. I think I think it's going to make a pretty big difference. I think it's also good because to be honest recording as I'm doing stuff and as stuff is happening around me is how I like to plan and how I like to think aloud and that's a big part of what I need transcribed. So that way of dictating I think is valuable to have in the training data set. We're just going to see about this dryer because stuff didn't try overnight. Yeah so I'm hoping this is intelligible and I'm hoping that it helps things work well. But I think we're going to be able to see some pretty improvements because just a baseline calculation from a small sample is that the tiny EN model which is the fastest to transcribe. It's got a pretty abysmal word error rate. I think it's calculating around 20%. Yeah it was 19% on the one sample I was showing Eric that day and that was not even the worst one. So I think on individual samples it might be worse and I think overall yeah it was about 20% for my voice. So I'm really excited to see what gains we can get from even a small subset of data. And now I need to go back and figure out where this was I saw it because I'm struggling to keep track of everything. But I did recently come across I do think it was some material from hugging face themselves. Maybe in their whisper transformers documentation pointing to the fine tuning blog post guide saying that it only needs about five hours. To improve the accuracy. But there's no indication as far as I could find as to why they said five hours when there's no indication in the fine tuning blog that number comes from anywhere.

File: res/audio\voice-message-16.mp3
Transcript:  I don't know, maybe that was just a size of the original data set that they were using, but that's just not clear because, and I'm also pretty sure that the common voice data set from Mozilla is larger than five hours. Based on everything that I've heard, it referenced too as, and I'm pretty sure when I looked it up, that there was more in the data set that they were using, but I don't know. I don't know where the five hours number comes from. I've seen so many other numbers that have no indication of where they come from and mostly just no numbers. So I still don't know. It's a little unfortunate to be at this point in the summer where we are August 1st, and just now finally being at the point that it's going to be impossible to be running the fine-tuning experiments. But yeah, that's really just a function of how many little parts of the process were completely undocumented and confusing ways. Didn't work the way that they were described when I tried them. The official guides that everybody still points towards, haven't been updated to reflect updated methods, all these little things, which I sound frustrated when I explain it, but I'm not really like that whole process has been really, really interesting. It's been really rewarding to figure out. It's just a little bit that the overall trajectory I really hoped to be able to have more experimental data by the end of the summer. So, you know, see you, Levy, I guess.

File: res/audio\voice-message-17.mp3
Transcript:  Alright, I'm going to go back upstairs and let the pot suck in. The dog's back in and, um, filming water. And at least grab my coffee protein so that I can have it with me before I shower. Yeah, that makes sense. Oh, wow, giant moth. That is really big. Okay, right, yeah. So I am, in fact, going to have that shower. And then I'm going to bring the dryer and such upstairs. I think to style my hair up here. Oh, oh. Set. Good girl. Wait. Okay. Tinker. Puppy, puppy, puppy. Okay. Okay, I'm going to fill the water for me. And then grab the, um, the protein coffee, the protein coffee. And man, I am, like, so much more out of shape than I really realized. It's like as soon as I've been feeling a little bit better to be doing a little bit more and moving a little bit more. It's immediately obvious that I am often in puffing. And that is no good. Definitely something to get back on top of right away because I don't want my cardiovascular fitness to be a limiting factor on top of everything else. But it's also so hard to keep up cardio when I'm having these extended flare-ups of the five miles. And I can, you know, barely get my daily stuff done. So, I don't know. I guess like the, the best thing is to just try and avoid being in flares dot bad. Um, but that's not always completely doable as evidence by the fact that I have had this downward spiral of flares for months and months, honestly, years, years and years. But then also like, I do think there's, then the big element of having to try and manage my energy so strictly to make sure that I can still do school, do work, you know, have the energy to feed myself. Means that I am then neglecting that fitness aspect because it's tiring. So, you know, like no wonder I'm sitting here dictating and going to have all this hopping and puffing in my dictation because I am in fact, oh, to shape. I don't know. It's hard to, well, it's hard to admit that. That's weird. That's weird feeling. It's a weird feeling to feel like it's hard to admit that I'm out of shape because that's just a factual thing. And I really thought that I'd, you know, given up on having athlete be a part of my identity a long time ago, but, you know, maybe it's not early in the case. Maybe I still really, I don't know, but I don't know. I want to see myself as a fit person. And, you know, I think there's also the fact that, like, I am, I'm still very strong relative to my level of inactivity. And that makes it, like, I don't want to downplay that because I do work hard for that to, you know, be doing little bits of body weight exercise throughout the day and such. But I'm not doing that in a consistent enough fashion to be getting cardio from it. I think it's the real thing because when I'm, you know, on active and healthy enough with my players to be weightlifting, I'm, you know, I've been going to the gym and I'm strength training and then strength training in a way that is supporting my cardiovascular fitness. And I'm not, that's not what I'm doing right now. So, you know, I think now that I have the Walker, I think that has made a big difference in getting enough activity regularly enough to be noticing that, well, yeah, my cardiovascular fitness has slipped a lot. The cardio is bad. But also, hopefully I suppose in that I'm currently at that level of fitness where doing just a little bit is plausible and also doing just a little bit will absolutely pay dividends. By just pushing myself just a bit, you know, like like this where I am a little bit out of breath. And, but I'm still working to move through my tasks in a somewhat brisk manner and talk at the same time and, you know, my, my pain and fatigue status is such that I'm not physically exhausting myself in a muscular way. So, then I have more capacity to be working on that cardio. Yeah, so actually, think if I, if I do this more often where I am moving briskly through regular tasks and talking or maybe didn't vocal exercises at the same time, I might actually be a good way to be incorporating a little bit more cardio work into my day without it necessarily needing to be much more bodily physical. So, then, we'll be a little easier for me to manage the energy level side of it. Well, also then, making it easier to approach the, the walking, especially if I'm having a good experience building up my cardio a bit this way.

File: res/audio\voice-message-18.mp3
Transcript:  I also don't think it would be detrimental to have a bit more of those sounds in these recordings because I often do sigh and kind of drum my words a lot when I'm when I'm thinking and dictating. So I don't think it sounds too much different than my normal setting and given that I do want to be able to think aloud well I am on the fly while I'm walking while I'm doing stuff and to dictate or transcribe from those recordings. I think it actually does make a lot of sense to have a bit of those features in what I'm planning to work with.

File: res/audio\voice-message-19.mp3
Transcript:  Alright, I'm just grabbing everything for shouring. I have my hairbrush, I have my sunscreen, I have the blow dryer for afterwards, I just need to grab the lotion, and then a fresh pair of socks. Yeah, I think that will be good. I'm also wondering if maybe I can pull from some of the bad ones, but getting meeting recordings. I don't know if those are still available, but that might be a good option to have some recording material where I'm talking loud to others more so than just trying to get my own thoughts out. I have a bit of a different speaking chance when I do that. Yeah, I'll be really curious to see if the speaking cadence to have when I'm having these like thinking recordings is accurate. I think it is because I do, like I said, I know that my cadence is often slow when I am thinking of the dictate. The one pauses and drawn-out words is common to how I speak when I'm thinking about them. Yeah, yeah, but I just don't know, I'm honestly not all that progress. I only kind of know that from listening to myself in the recordings to be honest. I'm not always all that cognizant of my volume level or my speaking speed, and I know that sometimes I can end up thinking I'm having faster or much slower or much louder or much quieter than I suppose is otherwise typical and I only know that because I hear it from other people telling me that. Yeah, yeah, that'll be really interesting to see.

File: res/audio\voice-message-20.mp3
Transcript:  I do also wonder if I'll be getting myself in a little bit of a pickle with having all these recordings to transcribe because I was planning to do it in a way where I would take use and serenade and then be able to correct my transcripts right away and simultaneously be recording with audacity or in my phone so that I could have those manually verified transcripts right away but if I'm doing it like this I'm gonna have to go back in and correct everything so I don't know that's okay that's okay I don't think that will actually take that long I just need to have a good system for it because when I felt like I need to go in and change every word then that has been a little bit hard yeah I wonder if maybe I should be running all the transcripts through the through the reconstruction process in the prepare process data set module because then then I could just be manually verifying per segment and I could save the per segment data but well I guess I guess maybe I can just make that judgment for myself that if I have anything that is less than 30 seconds I can just correct the transcript in its transcript form and otherwise I can correct each segment but I don't necessarily need to manually correct the word timestamps because I'm not actually using those for anything at the moment eventually what I want is to be able to have the live transcription live dictation so probably using one of the whisper for streaming modules that's out there so that people can easily be live correcting as they're talking or as they're recording something and then probably then I will have the by word because I do want to experiment in the future with using the like the word prediction probability to see if that is something that can be used to identify potential transcription errors I have noticed that sometimes a word it's not confident in scores pretty low and a word it is or a word it's not confident in and therefore scores low is actually the correct word and sometimes words that it's confident in and it has a high probability is incorrect so I don't know how useful that will be but I think that would be something that I would kind of need to see because I'm imagining a thing where it has a graphical interface that would display the words underlying or in a different color perhaps or maybe with a box around them or like I like a highlight if it thinks it might be a word that's incorrect and just have that be like have a note that it doesn't necessarily mean it is or isn't correct or that things without the highlight are or are correct but that is something that the program thinks could be an error so it just might help people draw their attention to it but then that either way as it's working you can correct on a per word basis and then it will replace the words or I think that makes more sense in terms of you know you're correct on one word at a time mostly and then reconstruct segments from the words and I think that will work even in terms of places where there's deletion errors where it's predicted less words than you actually said or insertion errors where it's predicted more words than you said because I think I could just key it to a start of the predicted word so if you're replacing you know three predicted words with one predicted word that your replacement will then just be thought to take up that whole space and then that's how I could reconstruct a segment from that um yeah because it at at least needs to be at the segment level um that the correction is occurring um yeah I think the only thing that's like all that difficult right now about doing the corrections is just that I'm going through those Jason files to do it and it's possible and I'm not going to not like essential to the fine-tuning process to have it be easier to correct that stuff um but it is just a little bit annoying and that's why I'm just feeling a little bit dumped by doing that so I don't know I I think I just need to get over myself about it I think it's not really going to be that big of a deal um to to do I think it's you know for for every I don't know hour of audio like yeah we'll probably require really listening to all that audio and I'm going to say maybe for every hour of audio it'll take two to correct as perhaps a pessimistic outlook because I know all the need to listen to the entire audio and be pausing to correct but that's really not so bad because I'm really not going to be having that much data um I I really do think that we might be able to get benefits with as little as an hour based on some of the reports I've seen places and especially for the single speaker the single speaker because I know the like five to eight to ten hour numbers are from multispeaker stuff so I think for a single speaker it will probably not require quite as much because it doesn't need to be as general that's my that's my intuition at least so yeah also really noticing how much I say yeah and so yeah when I'm thinking louder I start sentences with so yeah

File: res/audio\voice-message-21.mp3
Transcript:  There is such a big part of me that wants to cut my hair right now and I wanted to cut my hair before bed last night and then I managed to not do that and actually go to bed, which was definitely the right call. But right now I really want to cut my hair and I don't have that time because I also haven't started that shower and it is now nearly eight. So, I'm not going to have the time to kind of hair, but God damn do I want to. Yeah, it's really unfortunate. I just got so much damage right at the end and I really seem to be worse after those couple nights that I slept on it wet.