Model: tiny.en
Audio file(s) transcribed: 1
From location: res/audio/

File: res/audio/2026-07-21-dictation.wav
Transcript:  Okay, so I am just thinking that I would like to talk to myself about my project at the moment. So what do I need to get done? I've finished the basic functionality. I think it definitely needs a way to pick specific files and you'd need to figure out the environment file and how that could be integrated with the user interface eventually. And I also need to have enough training data to test the training data splitting. I should look up the... Hmm, I should look up the rate of... no, not the rate. The ratio. I should look up the ratio of training to testing, to validation data recommended. And I should also take a look at the efficient Laura hyper parameter tuning whisper guide to just see if there is something better there. I'd also like to take a look at one that just uses PyTorch and see if I can rewrite the fine tune script to just use torch directly because I think the hugging face transformers module uses torch under the hood from my understanding. And it honestly seems a little thing-based hub to just use torch directly. So I think I want to... yeah, look into using torch directly and then look into the file picking and then look into the use of the pathlib objects instead of using strings to pass relative paths and see about integrating that in with the environment file. I'd also like to reread that paper about adding artificial noise to the audio set to better understand what they're doing there. Like are they using the clean audio recordings and the artificial noise audio recordings? Are they injecting it in certain points? How are they doing that? And if I just collected a bunch natural audio, how would that compare? I think for generating the training versus testing versus validation splits for fine tuning the whisper model, I should just be able to assume that any split file is counts as one. So I don't think I need to worry about making sure there's a specific amount of audio in each split because after splitting the files based on their segments, they'll all be under that 30 second window and padded to 30 seconds. So they should be sort of functionally count as equivalent to each other. So instead of feeling like I need to split it by, you know, eight hours into like six, two and two, for example, I can just go by the number of files and split the number of files into each of the test sets. I wonder where in the process I should have that maybe I need to make sure that I'm checking for that before I load it into a data set in the fine tuning script. I was going to say that I should maybe check out the audio folder method from the hugging face audio data sets guide and then use the file structure that's created by that to separate out my data sets. But I'm not 100% sure if that's all that relevant. Yeah, especially if I want to use the PyTorch training scripts directly. I don't know yet if the hugging face audio folder setup will be at all relevant. So that means that I should check out the torch fine tuning stuff first. And I should probably include the data set splits into the audio metadata validation step so that the copied over and split audio files are just put directly into relevant directories. So how would I do that? I think maybe it would be like counting the length of the unchecked metadata list after loading and then applying some function to that to determine every ex audio file gets sent to which split. Yeah, if I determine the data set splits by doing every ex file gets sent to a dedicated split, then that will ensure that each of the training testing and validation sets have a distribution of audio that's occurred over the entire collection period rather than having audio that is all from one recording session maybe or audio that Yeah, occurred at the end of a collection period and maybe the user is talking about a specific subject in that and that's all that's going to be in the validation set for example that wouldn't be very useful in that way. The other approach would maybe just be if there's some way to randomize that maybe there's some existing function to randomize which files are getting sent to which data set directories. I also need to do the word error rate calculations for the baseline transcripts of the untrained models and I should do that sooner than later to make sure that doesn't get lost. I don't know if it will make a huge difference to have that be done on a bigger data set or if I'm fine to just do it on my 10 recording subset. Also wondering if I should be remaking each audio file to be in the same file format for the sake of the model training or if it makes more sense to just use whatever file format I record in and then assume that that might make the model have a better time working with data set. Not sure if that is even really relevant if it's training off of the audio as converted to a tensor representing the audio. Yeah, actually I think based on what I know of how it converts audio to a tensor before the training step it shouldn't really matter what file format the audio is in and I'll just use whatever. Maybe mp3 is probably the most common that people might be recording in. I think phone probably saves mp3 and yeah just for the sake of space. So I either could work on the torch fine tuning setup first or I could work on the pathlib objects file paths etc stuff first and include the file picker stuff in there. And I actually think that would be more useful to do the second one yeah because then I could more easily manage the file selection for transcribing my own data set here. I think it would also be a good idea to redo the way that I'm saving the text metadata outputs on transcribing because right now it will overwrite anything made on the same day and there's no real indication of which files are included as transcripts in the output file just from looking at the file name. I'd also love to have some way to not have any duplicates of the same audio file or to check when saving if there's a file with the same name that already exists. Just trying to think of other potential problems I might be causing myself in the future by the way that I'm currently saving stuff you know. I would really like to have some way that there's an automatic triggering of a prompt to verify the transcript and then when the transcript has been verified to send that to the audio processing function. To automatically validate the metadata and split the audio file. So then that has me wondering if from the data set after it's been loaded in the fine tuning script if there's a way to just split that data set into the train test validate splits. Like if I can split the data set itself into three separate data sets using some randomization to assign the correct ratios to each split of the data set. I think that would be easiest because then I never have to worry about additional data being added and then throwing the splits out of balance. If I'm only splitting the data sets into train test validate right before running fine tuning. Yeah, I think that's the best way to do that. When did I start today nine? Yeah, I think I started work at nine today. Wondering if there's a way that I should be checking for the audio's native sampling rate before doing anything with it? I don't know, I don't think that that's relevant because the whisper load audio function that I'm using to generate the NumPy array natively resamples it if necessary. Yeah, okay, so I think I'm going to go ahead and transcribe these notes to just help myself organize my thoughts here and then I might do a little bit more dictation so that I can dictate a more structured plan of what I'm going to do here.